Source:https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-trump-slams-hillarys-criminal-pay-for-play-corruption-under-fbi-inve
Date: November 03, 2016 -
Title : ​Donald Trump Slams Hillary’s Criminal Pay For Play Corruption Under FBI Investigation

There is more breaking news that I’d like to share with you right now. It was
reported last night that the FBI is conducting a criminal investigation into
Hillary Clinton's Pay-For-Play corruption during her tenure as Secretary of
State. In other words, the FBI is investigating how Hillary Clinton put the
office of Secretary of State up for sale in violation of federal law.

The investigation is described as QUOTE “a very high priority.” The
investigation is far-reaching and has been going on for more than a year. It
was reported that an “avalanche” of information is coming in.

The FBI agents say their investigation is likely to yield an indictment.

However, the reports also show that the political leadership at the Department
of Justice is trying to protect Hillary Clinton and are interfering in the
FBI's criminal investigation.

By comparison, 4-Star General James Cartwright, for doing only a tiny fraction
of what Clinton did, may go to jail for up to 5 years, and General Petraeus'
life and reputation has been destroyed for doing far, far less than Hillary
Clinton has done.

It was also reported that the laptops of Clinton’s top aides, which had been
slated for destruction, were not in fact destroyed and that the FBI has been
successfully using them to gather information for their criminal
investigation.

Further, they have found new emails as part of the 650,000 that may be
classified.

Finally, it is believed that no less than 5 foreign intelligence agencies
successfully hacked into Clinton’s illegal insecure server, which contained
classified information, creating an ongoing security threat to the United
States.

Hillary Clinton has engaged in a massive far-reaching criminal conduct and an
equally far-reaching criminal cover-up. She created an illegal email server to
shield her activity. She illegally transmitted confidential information and
then lied about it to Congress. She illegally destroyed federal records,
including 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, and made 13
phones disappear, some with a hammer. She engaged in corrupt Pay-For-Play at
the State Department for personal enrichment. She lied to the FBI, and she
lied to the American people.

These are sad events for our country – a high-ranking government official has
been caught selling her public office, threatening national security, and
engaging in a massive criminal cover-up.

If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis.
She is likely to be under investigation for many, many years, likely
concluding in a criminal trial.

Americans deserve a government that can go to work for them Day 1.

If we win on November 8th, we will once again have a government of, by and for
the people.
