Source:https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-in-wisconsin-it-is-time-for-new-leadership
Date: November 01, 2016 -
Title: Donald J. Trump In Wisconsin: It Is Time For New Leadership
Type : Remarks As Prepared

I want to begin by thanking the great Wisconsin leaders who are here with us
today: Chairman Reince Prebius, Senator Ron Johnson, Congressman Sean Duffy,
and Brad Courtney, the state party chairman. A special thank you to Governor
Scott Walker, who has done such a terrific job in Wisconsin.

Most importantly, I want to thank all of you here in attendance today, and
everyone who is a part of this magnificent movement to Make America Great
Again.

In just 1 week, we are going to win the Great State of Wisconsin and we are
going to win back the White House.

We are on the cusp of incredible, historic change that transfers power from a
failed political establishment and returns that power to our families,
communities and citizens.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.**  
**

It’s just been announced that the residents of Wisconsin are going to
experience massive double-digit premium hikes. In the great state of Arizona,
premiums are going up more than 116% percent.

More than three-quarters of the counties in Wisconsin are losing Obamacare
insurers next year.

…

Obamacare is a catastrophe.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more
expensive.

I’m asking for your vote so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for
every family in Wisconsin.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

…

In a newly-released email, John Podesta has been caught saying “we have to
dump all those emails.” And don't forget, Podesta said Hillary has bad
instincts.

As it also turns out, one of the top Department of Justice officials, the
Assistant Attorney General, is a close associate of Podesta. The two met for
dinner after Clinton testified about Benghazi, and Podesta described him as
the man “who kept me out of jail.”

This is a good time to make an important public service announcement. This is
a message for any Democratic voter who have already cast ballots for Hillary
Clinton and who are having a bad case of Buyers’ Remorse. Wisconsin is one of
several states where you can change your early ballot if you’ve made a
mistake. So if you live here, or in Michigan, Pennsylvania or Minnesota, you
can change your vote.

…

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

*  Hutchison Technology laid off 411 workers right here in Eau Claire and
moved their jobs to Thailand.

*  Honeywell laid off 974 workers making printed circuit boards in Chippewa
Falls. Their jobs went to China.

*  TTM Technologies laid off 166 workers in Chippewa Falls. Their jobs went to
China, Japan and South Korea.

*  Celestica laid off 240 workers. Their jobs went overseas.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will
stop the jobs from leaving Wisconsin.

...

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly
depleted military.

That includes support for nearby Fort McCoy.

I’m honored to have the endorsement of 200 top Admirals and Generals and 22
Medal of Honor Recipients.

…

To all Americans I say: it is time for new leadership.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days –

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every
unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive
order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice
and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement;
save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will
uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Hillary wants us to think small, wants us to believe things can’t change, and
wants our lives to revolve around Washington, D.C. I am asking you to dream
big, to push for bold change, and to believe in a movement powered by the
people and by their love for this country.

…

Our movement represents all Americans, from all backgrounds, and all walks of
life.

We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and
first-time voters.

We are asking for the vote of every American who believes truth and justice –
not money and power – should rule the day.

We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve
the people – not the donors and special interests.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every
American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

With your vote, we are just 1 week away from the change you’ve been waiting
for your entire life.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.
