Source: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-will-rebuild-our-military-and-vets
Date: November 03, 2016 -
Title: Trump Joins Military Leaders, Medal Of Honor Recipients, To Outline Plan To Rebuild Military
Type: Remarks As Prepared For Delivery

I have so many great friends here tonight, and I want to begin by thanking
General Kellogg, General Flynn, and also the great Congressman Mark Meadows.

In five days, we are going to win the great state of North Carolina and we are
going to win back the White House. But you have to get out and vote, and you
have to vote early.

It is an honor to be here in North Carolina, a state that has produced many of
the finest and bravest soldiers, airmen, sailors and marines ever to wear a
uniform.

I stand here tonight among heroes.

I am also honored to be among so many military families, wives, husbands,
parents and children who shoulder the burdens of war.

Let me begin by making you this solemn promise: I will never, ever let you
down.

I am very proud to have the support of so many military and law enforcement
groups all across this great nation – including the support of more than 200
top Admirals and Generals, and 22 Medal of Honor Recipients.

We are joined tonight by a number of those admirals, and generals, and 7 Medal
of Honor Recipients.

The Medal of Honor Recipients with us here tonight are: Colonel Leo Thorsness,
Command Sergeant Major Bob Patterson, Navy Seal Mike Thornton, Command
Sergeant Major Bennie Adkins, Colonel Joe Marm, and Master Sergeant Leroy
Petry.

These men display to the whole world the unyielding strength, courage and grit
of the United States of America. They went above and beyond the call of duty,
thought nothing of their own safety in order to protect their fellow man, and
acted with a bravery that will etch their legacy into the history of this
nation.

Not far from here is Fort Bragg, the second largest military base in the
world. It is home to the 82nd Airborne Division, the most decorated unit in
the U.S. military, and of our Army Special Forces, who even today are serving
in harm’s way overseas.

Just in the last 24 hours, this country lost two soldiers in combat in
Afghanistan, and it is a reminder of what our warriors and their families,
like those at Fort Bragg and across North Carolina, sacrifice for our country.
We owe them a debt we can never repay.

Our Special Forces here at Fort Bragg have been the tip of the spear in
fighting terrorism. The motto of our Army Special Forces is 'to free the
oppressed', and that is exactly what they have been doing.

The military families of North Carolina have shed their blood and poured out
their hearts for this country. If given the honor of serving as your
President, it will be my solemn duty to ensure the following:

* All men and women in uniform will have the supplies, support, equipment,
medical care and resources they need to get the job done.

* Full and proper funding for all branches of the American Armed Services.

* A commitment from our allies to pay their fair share of the military
burden.

* Support for military families, including jobs, education and housing.

* The best care in the world for our Veterans, both at public VA facilities,
as well as the right to see the private doctor of your choice.

* And finally, a commitment to only engage the use of military forces when it
is the vital national security interests of the United States.

We will stop trying to build foreign Democracies, topple regimes, and race
recklessly to intervene. Instead, our focus must be on Keeping America Safe
and on destroying ISIS and defeating Radical Islamic Terrorism.

Any nation that shares our goal of destroying ISIS and defeating terrorists
will be our partner in this mission.

Under the failures of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, ISIS has become a
clear and present danger to Europe and the United States. After all the
sacrifice our soldiers made, Clinton and Obama pulled out the troops on a
public timetable, giving rise to ISIS and handing Iraq over to ISIS killers.

Now, ISIS is on a campaign of genocide in the Middle East, torturing, drowning
and burning people alive.

ISIS has slaughtered men, women and children in France, Germany, Belgium, and
there are now 1,000 open ISIS investigations in the United States. We’ve seen
the bloodshed in the attacks in Orlando, San Bernardino, and the recent bomb
plot in New York and New Jersey.

Yet, as we send brave men and women overseas to fight terrorists in the Middle
East, Hillary Clinton wants to fling our borders wide open, allowing those
same terrorists to infiltrate our country at home. She wants a 550% increase
in Syrian refugees, and virtually unlimited immigration from some of the most
extreme and dangerous places in the world.

A Trump Administration will suspend the Syrian Refugee program and keep
Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

We know Hillary can’t be trusted with America’s security. She’s under multiple
criminal investigations at this very moment for criminal conduct that put the
safety of our entire nation at risk.

CBS news has just minutes ago confirmed that the 650,000 emails discovered by
the FBI include brand new emails not previously seen. Hillary therefore
committed perjury in addition to all her other crimes, probably also in that
batch are classified emails that would now have been hacked by foreign
countries.

Service members here in North Carolina have risked their lives to acquire
classified intelligence to protect America. Hillary thought nothing of putting
classified information on her illegal server which our enemies could easily
hack. We know now with almost 100% confidence that at least 5 foreign
intelligence agencies breached the Clinton Server.

Then she tried to destroy the evidence by deleting 33,000 emails after
receiving a congressional subpoena.

Hillary created the server to shield her criminal activity and her corrupt
Pay-For-Play Scheme where she sold her office as Secretary of State to donors
and special interests.

In other words, she was more interested in keeping her emails a secret than in
keeping our classified intelligence a secret – she was more interested in
protecting herself than protecting all of you.

Ending this criminal government corruption is one of the most important
reasons we must win on November 8th.

We also know Hillary can’t be trusted with our security because of her
disastrous record on foreign policy. No Secretary of State in history has
failed in more places, in more ways, than Hillary Clinton.

In 2009, pre-Hillary, Libya was stable, Syria was under control, Iraq was
seeing a reduction in violence, and ISIS wasn’t even on the map.

Fast forward to today. Libya is in ruins. Syria is in the middle of a
catastrophic civil war. Iraq is in chaos. And ISIS is spreading across the
region, into Europe, and into America – and they’ve launched a campaign of
genocide against Christians.

Yet, after all of this, Hillary Clinton can’t even say the words: Radical
Islamic Terrorism.

Anyone who cannot name the enemy cannot lead this country.

Another reason we know Hillary can’t be trusted with our security is Benghazi.

Let me make this very clear: A Trump Administration will honor that sacred
pledge to leave no man or woman behind.

On top of everything else, we have the disaster and humiliation in Iran.

Our sailors were forced to their knees. We paid $1.7 billion in cash ransom,
and now Iran is demanding billions more in new ransom payments. Hillary put
them on a path to regional dominance and nuclear weapons, as well as another
$150 billion in cash.

Because of our failed leaders, including from the campaigner- in-chief,
America is not respected around the world anymore.

And, at home, our cities have seen an alarming rise in violence, communities
trapped in poverty, and 40,000 homeless Veterans even as we spend trillions of
dollars to support illegal immigrants.

Hillary will send American troops to defend the borders of foreign countries,
but refuses to protect the borders of her own country.

America needs a turnaround. America needs new leadership.

That begins with restoring respect for America and restoring respect for the
American Flag.

It also means rebuilding our depleted military.

A Trump Administration will immediately reverse the Obama-Clinton defense
sequester.

The Army is the smallest it has been since before World War II. The Navy is
the smallest since World War I. The Air Force is the smallest and oldest it
has ever been.

My plan will grow the Army to 540,000 active troops, which the Army Chief of
Staff says he needs. That means more Brigade Combat Teams at Fort Bragg. We
will build the 1,200 modern fighters our Air Force needs, and that means more
planes flying out of locations like Seymour Johnson Air Force Base and Marine
Core Air Station Cherry Point.

Our Marine Core will grow from 27 to 36 battalions, and that's going to mean a
lot more Marines at Camp Lejeune.

And new military technologies will be produced at the Research Triangle right
here in North Carolina.

In summary, my policy can be based on three very important words: Peace
Through Strength.

Strength also means we need to save America’s economy.

That begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.

It’s just been announced that the residents of North Carolina are going to
experience a massive double-digit premium hike.

95 of 100 North Carolina counties will only have one insurer in the Obamacare
exchange next year.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more
expensive.

I am asking for your vote so we can repeal Obamacare and save healthcare for
every family in North Carolina.

At the core of my contract with the American voter, is my plan to bring back
our jobs.

North Carolina has lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA – a
deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.

America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade
Organization – another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will
stop the jobs from leaving North Carolina.

The theft of American prosperity will end.

If a company wants to fire their workers, move to another country, and then
try to ship their products back into the United States, we will apply a 35%
tax on those goods.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA – and if we don’t get the deal
we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers.

We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.

As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on
American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We will become a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.

Hillary supports totally “open borders,” and strongly supports Sanctuary
Cities, like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal
immigrant who had been deported 5 times.

A Trump Administration will cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities.

We will deport all criminal aliens, stop the drugs from pouring into our
communities, and we will protect American workers.

And that’s just the beginning.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days –

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every
unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive
order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice
and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement;
save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will
uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

It is time to cut our ties with the failed and bitter politics of the past.

Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the
future.

We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and
first-time voters.

We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve
the people – not the donors and special interests.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every
American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

With your vote, we are just 5 days away from the change you’ve been waiting
for your entire life.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.
