Source:https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-trump-slams-hillarys-criminal-pay-for-play-corruption-under-fbi-inve
Date: November 03, 2016 -
Title : ​Donald Trump Slams Hillary’s Criminal Pay For Play Corruption Under FBI Investigation
Type : Remarks as Prepared for Delivery

In 5 days, we are going to win the Great State of Florida and we are going to
win back the White House.

The new Rasmussen poll has us up 3 points nationwide. You have to vote, and
vote early.

We are on the cusp of historic change that transfers power from a failed
political establishment and returns that power to you, the American People.

There is more breaking news that I’d like to share with you right now. It was
reported last night that the FBI is conducting a criminal investigation into
Hillary Clinton's Pay-For-Play corruption during her tenure as Secretary of
State. In other words, the FBI is investigating how Hillary Clinton put the
office of Secretary of State up for sale in violation of federal law.

The investigation is described as QUOTE “a very high priority.” The
investigation is far-reaching and has been going on for more than a year. It
was reported that an “avalanche” of information is coming in.

The FBI agents say their investigation is likely to yield an indictment.

However, the reports also show that the political leadership at the Department
of Justice is trying to protect Hillary Clinton and are interfering in the
FBI's criminal investigation.

By comparison, 4-Star General James Cartwright, for doing only a tiny fraction
of what Clinton did, may go to jail for up to 5 years, and General Petraeus'
life and reputation has been destroyed for doing far, far less than Hillary
Clinton has done.

It was also reported that the laptops of Clinton’s top aides, which had been
slated for destruction, were not in fact destroyed and that the FBI has been
successfully using them to gather information for their criminal
investigation.

Further, they have found new emails as part of the 650,000 that may be
classified.

Finally, it is believed that no less than 5 foreign intelligence agencies
successfully hacked into Clinton’s illegal insecure server, which contained
classified information, creating an ongoing security threat to the United
States.

Hillary Clinton has engaged in a massive far-reaching criminal conduct and an
equally far-reaching criminal cover-up. She created an illegal email server to
shield her activity. She illegally transmitted confidential information and
then lied about it to Congress. She illegally destroyed federal records,
including 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, and made 13
phones disappear, some with a hammer. She engaged in corrupt Pay-For-Play at
the State Department for personal enrichment. She lied to the FBI, and she
lied to the American people.

These are sad events for our country – a high-ranking government official has
been caught selling her public office, threatening national security, and
engaging in a massive criminal cover-up.

If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis.
She is likely to be under investigation for many, many years, likely
concluding in a criminal trial.

Americans deserve a government that can go to work for them Day 1.

If we win on November 8th, we will once again have a government of, by and for
the people.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.**  
**

It’s just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience
massive double-digit premium hikes. In the great state of Arizona, premiums
are going up more than 116%.

Over 90% of the counties in Florida are losing Obamacare insurers next year.

In Minnesota, where the premium increase will be close to 60 percent, the
Democratic Governor has said “the Affordable Care Act is no longer
affordable.”

Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are
leaving, and deductibles are through the roof.

Obamacare is a catastrophe.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more
expensive.

I’m asking for your vote so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for
every family in Florida.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

Hillary was given the debate questions in advance and then used them to cheat
– instead of reporting the breach.

The Clintons are the sordid past. We are the bright future.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government
corruption.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the
words we are all about to say. When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To
Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

Florida has lost 1 in 4 of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA – a deal signed
by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.

America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade
Organization – another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will
stop the jobs from leaving Florida.

The theft of American prosperity will end.

From now on, it’s going to be America First.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA, and we will stand up to foreign
product dumping, currency manipulation and all unfair subsidy behavior.

We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.

As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on
American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We will also cancel billions in global warming payments to the United Nations,
and use that money to support America’s environmental and national
infrastructure. That includes deepening the harbor at Jax-Port.

We will become a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.

In Chicago, 3,715 people have been shot since January of this year.

Nationwide, murders have experienced their largest single-year increase in 45
years.

A Trump Administration will work with local and federal law enforcement to end
this growing crime wave. Every child in America has the right to grow up in
safety and peace.

We will also keep you safe from terrorism.

Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.

Her plan would mean generations of terrorism and extremism spreading in your
schools and communities.

When I’m elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program – and
we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United
States. And yes, we will build a wall.

We’ve received the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol
officers. They tell us the border crisis is the worst it’s ever been – it’s a
national emergency.

The immigration officers warned in a letter that Hillary’s plan is “the most
radical immigration proposal in U.S. history,” and that it will “lead to the
loss of thousands of lives.”

As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous
and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries wouldn’t
take them back.

Hillary supports totally “open borders,” and strongly supports Sanctuary
Cities, like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal
immigrant deported 5 times.

A Trump Administration will cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities. We
will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs from pouring into your
communities, and deport all criminal aliens from our country.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly
depleted military.

Our Navy is the smallest it has been since before World War I. We will build
the 350 ship Navy our country needs. That means brand new state-of-the-art
ships in places like Mayport, right here in Jacksonville.

I’m honored to have the endorsement of 200 top Admirals and Generals and 22
Medal of Honor Recipients.

Our new foreign policy will put America First.

Hillary brought death and disaster to Iraq, Syria and Libya, she empowered
Iran, and she unleashed ISIS.

Now she wants to start a shooting war in Syria, in conflict with a nuclear-
armed Russia, that could lead to World War III.

Hillary and our failed Washington Establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars
in the Middle East, and now it’s in worse shape than ever before.

They’ve dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, they have
left our borders wide open at home, and they’ve shipped our jobs and wealth to
other countries.

To all Americans I say: it is time for new leadership.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days –

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every
unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive
order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice
and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement;
save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will
uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

It is time to cut our ties with the failed and bitter politics of the past.

Hillary has been there for 30 years, and she has accomplished nothing – she’s
just made things worse.

She is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.

Our movement represents all Americans, from all backgrounds, and all walks of
life.

We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and
first-time voters.

We are fighting for every American who believes truth and justice – not money
and power – should rule the day.

We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve
the people – not the donors and special interests.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every
American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

With your vote, we are just 5 days away from the change you’ve been waiting
for your entire life.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.
