Your browser is NOT configured correctly to visit the Donald J. Trump website.
For full functionality and to utilize most of the website's capabilities you
must have JavaScript enabled. Here are the [ instructions how to enable
JavaScript in your web browser](http://www.enable-javascript.com).

  * [Schedule](/schedule/)
  * [About](/about/)
  * [Gallery](/gallery/)

[ ![Trump Pence
Logo](https://assets.donaldjtrump.com/vphome/tp_newer_logo.png)
](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/ "Make America Great Again! | Donald J Trump
for President" )

[](javascript:;)

  * [About](/about)
  * [Schedule](/schedule)
  * [Issues](/issues)
  * [Positions](/policies/)
    * [Contract with the American Voter](/contract/)
    * [Child Care](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/child-care/)
    * [Constitution and Second Amendment](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/constitution-and-second-amendment/)
    * [Cybersecurity](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/cyber-security/)
    * [Economy](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/economy/)
    * [Education](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/education/)
    * [Energy](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/energy/)
    * [Foreign Policy and Defeating ISIS](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/foreign-policy-and-defeating-isis/)
    * [Health Care](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/health-care/)
    * [Immigration](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/immigration/)
    * [INFRASTRUCTURE](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/an-americas-infrastructure-first-plan/)
    * [National Defense](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/national-defense/)
    * [Regulations](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/regulations/)
    * [Tax Plan](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/tax-plan/)
    * [Trade](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/trade/)
    * [Veterans Affairs Reform](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/veterans-affairs-reform/)
  * [States](/states/)
    * [Arizona](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/arizona)
    * [Colorado](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/colorado)
    * [Florida](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/florida)
    * [Georgia](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/georgia)
    * [Indiana](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/indiana)
    * [Iowa](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/iowa)
    * [Maine](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/maine)
    * [Michigan](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/michigan)
    * [Minnesota](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/minnesota)
    * [Nevada](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/nevada)
    * [New Hampshire](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/new-hampshire)
    * [North Carolina](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/north-carolina)
    * [Ohio](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/ohio)
    * [Pennsylvania](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/pennsylvania)
    * [Virginia](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/virginia)
  * Get Involved
  * [Media](/media)
    * [Content Center](/content-center/)
    * [In The News](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/category/in-the-news)
    * [Video](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/category/video)
    * [Speeches](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/category/speeches)
    * [Press Releases](/press-releases/)
    * [Endorsements](/press-releases/category/endorsements/)
  * [Press Releases](/press-releases)
  * [Video](/news/category/video/)
  * [Gallery](/gallery)
  * [Shop](http://shop.donaldjtrump.com)
  * [Contribute](https://secure.donaldjtrump.com/we-made-history?amount=150&utm_campaign=djt_website_donate&utm_source=website&utm_medium=web&utm_content=top_nav)

  

###### \- November 05, 2016 -

# In Tampa, Trump Calls For Change and New Leadership

****Remarks As Prepared****  

In 3 days, we are going to win the Great State of Florida and we are going to
win back the White House.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.**  
**

It’s just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience
massive double-digit premium hikes. In the great state of Arizona, premiums
are going up more than 116%.

Over 90% of the counties in Florida are losing Obamacare insurers next year.

Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are
quitting, and deductibles are through the roof.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more
expensive.

I’m asking for your vote so we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save
healthcare for every family in Florida.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary
Clinton.

They are also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary
Clinton’s Pay-For-Play corruption at the State Department.

It has been confirmed that the 650,000 emails they discovered include brand
new emails not previously turned over to authorities, likely including even
more classified information.

However, the reports also show that the political leadership at the Department
of Justice is trying as hard as they can to protect Hillary Clinton.

Remember, John Podesta said Hillary has bad instincts. Bernie Sanders says she
has bad judgment.

Hillary created an illegal email server to shield her criminal activity – and
then she illegally destroyed 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional
Subpoena, and made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer.

If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis.

If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary and her special interests would
rob this country blind.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government
corruption – and to take back our country from the special interests.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we are
all about to say. When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To DRAIN THE
SWAMP.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

Florida has lost 1 in 4 of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA – a deal signed
by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.

America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade
Organization – another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

-Goodrich Lighting Systems laid off 255 workers and moved their jobs to India.

-Baxter Healthcare Corporation laid off 199 workers and moved their jobs to Singapore.

-Essilor Laboratories laid off 181 workers and moved their jobs to Mexico.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will
stop the jobs from leaving Florida. The theft of American prosperity will end.

If a company wants to fire their workers, leave Florida, move to another
country, and then ship their products back into the United States, we will
make them pay a 35% tax.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA and, if we don’t get the deal we
want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers.

We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.

As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on
American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We will massively cut taxes for the middle class.

We will also cancel billions in global warming payments to the United Nations,
and use that money to invest in America. That includes repairing Florida’s
Herbert Hoover Dike and the Florida Aquifer, and protecting the Everglades.

We will also rebuild our inner cities.

We will become a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich nation, we must also be a safe nation.

Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees pouring into our country.

Her plan will import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into
your schools and communities.

When I’m elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program – and
we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United
States. And yes, we will build a great wall.

We’ve received the first-ever endorsement issued by America’s ICE and Border
Patrol officers.

It’s just been reported that, as a result of our open borders, violent cartels
have spread into all 50 states.

More than 90 percent of those arrested are here illegally. They are killing
innocent Americans, threatening schools, and destroying communities.

A government that will not protect its people is a government that is unworthy
to lead.

As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous
and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries wouldn’t
take them back.

Hillary supports totally “open borders,” and strongly supports Sanctuary
Cities, like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal
immigrant deported 5 times.

Thousands of Americans would be alive today if not for the open border
policies of Obama-Clinton.

This includes Americans like Josh Wilkerson, whose mother I have gotten to
know during this campaign. Josh, a student in high school, was murdered at the
age of 17. He was tortured, strangled and beaten to death by an illegal
immigrant, and then his body was set on fire.

Last year, here in Florida, 17-year-old Starlett Pitts, her boyfriend, and her
mother were viciously stabbed to death in their Lehigh Acres home by an
illegal immigrant. The killer had been convicted of assaulting a police
officer and was wanted for a double murder and robbery. But he was released
from custody, enabling him to commit these horrible murders.

A Trump Administration will end this nightmare of violence.

We will protect American lives.

We will cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities.

We will stop illegal immigration, deport every last criminal alien, and
dismantle every criminal gang and cartel threatening our citizens.

When we win, you will finally have a government on YOUR side, fighting for
YOUR community, and protecting YOUR family.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly
depleted military.

That means brand new modern aircraft for MacDill Air Force Base here in Tampa.

I’m honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top Admirals and Generals
and 22 Medal of Honor Recipients.

Hillary brought death and disaster to Iraq, Syria and Libya, she empowered
Iran, and she unleashed ISIS across the world.

Hillary and our failed Establishment have spent $6 trillion dollars on wars in
the Middle East, and now it’s in worse shape than ever before.

They’ve dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, shipped our
jobs and wealth to other countries, and they’ve left our borders wide open at
home.

We send our troops to foreign countries to defend THEIR borders, but our
politicians refuse to defend OUR borders.

That will change on November 8th.

A Trump Administration will never, ever put the interests of a foreign country
before the interests of our country. From now on, it’s going to be AMERICA
FIRST.

To all Americans I say: it is time for change. It is time for New Leadership.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump
Administration –

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every
unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive
order; protect religious liberty; rebuild our military and take care of our
Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and
women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the
Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United
States.

It is time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past.

Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the
future.

We are fighting for every parent who lost their child to drugs and crime and
gang violence.

We are fighting for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out
and shipped to other countries.

And we are fighting for every American who believes government should serve
the people – not the donors, and not the special interests.

I’m asking you to Dream Big – because with your vote, we are just 3 days away
from the change you’ve been waiting for your entire life.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.

Next Release: [​NEW TELEVISION AD: “DONALD TRUMP’S ARGUMENT FOR
AMERICA”](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/new-television-ad-
donald-trumps-argument-for-america)

Previous Release: [In North Carolina, Trump Delivers Positive Vision for
America](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/in-north-carolina-trump-
delivers-positive-vision-for-america)

##### Categories

  * [View All](/press-releases/)
  * [Statements](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/category/statements)
  * [Announcements](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/category/announcements)
  * [Endorsements](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/category/endorsements)
  * [Ads](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/category/ads)

##### Archive

  * [November 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/11)
  * [October 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/10)
  * [September 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/09)
  * [August 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/08)
  * [July 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/07)
  * [June 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/06)
  * [May 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/05)
  * [April 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/04)
  * [March 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/03)
  * [February 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/02)
  * [January 2016](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2016/01)
  * [December 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/12)
  * [November 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/11)
  * [October 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/10)
  * [September 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/09)
  * [August 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/08)
  * [July 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/07)
  * [June 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/06)
  * [May 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/05)
  * [April 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/04)
  * [March 2015](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/archive/2015/03)

  

[twitter](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump)
[facebook](https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump)
[instagram](https://instagram.com/realdonaldtrump/)
[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/donaldtrump)

Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.

[Contact The Campaign](/contact/) \- [Privacy Policy](/about/privacy-policy/)
\- Tel: [646-736-1779](tel:6467361779)

*By entering your mobile number you are agreeing to receive periodic text messages from Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.  
Message and data rates may apply. Text "STOP" to opt-out. T&amp;C;/Privacy
Policy: [sms-terms/88022](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/sms-terms/88022)

[Web Design by Giles-Parscale](http://www.parscale.com)

![](//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/962628614/?valu
e=0&guid=ON&script=0)

![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?txn_id=nus1w&p_id=Twitter&tw_sale_am
ount=0&tw_order_quantity=0) ![](//t.co/i/adsct?txn_id=nus1w&p_id=Twitter&tw_sa
le_amount=0&tw_order_quantity=0)

![Close](https://assets.donaldjtrump.com/site/close.jpg)

## Sign Up

### To Receive Updates From Donald J. Trump

First Name *

Last Name *

  

Email Address *

Mobile Number

  

Address

City

  

State *

Please Choose Other Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California
Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii
Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland
Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada
New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota
Northern Marianas Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island
South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas U.S. Virgin Islands Utah Vermont
Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming

Zip Code *

  

  *   I Would Like to Volunteer

  

  *  Yes, please subscribe me to the Donald J. Trump for President email list

  *   Yes, please send me periodic text messages from Donald J. Trump for President

_By subscribing with your mobile number you are agreeing to receive periodic
text messages from Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. Message data rates may
apply. Text "STOP" to opt-out. T&amp;C;/Privacy Policy: [sms-
terms.com/88022](http://www.sms-terms.com/88022/)_

Comments

CAPTCHA

